‪Ah, damn it!
‪Aren't you going home?
‪I was looking for a jeonse apartment.
‪It's not easy to find a place
‪these days.
‪What about your honeymoon?
‪My wife wants to go to Paris, but
‪it probably won't happen
‪because of COVID.
‪Damn COVID. Argh.
‪What brings you here so late?
‪Hey.
‪Something big came up.
‪I've been watching a loan shark
‪for about half a year now.
‪This guy records videos
‪to blackmail people.
‪And I,
‪I got a list of his victims today.
‪Anyway, once I organize it,
‪I'll share it. Let's go after him.
Yes, Senior.
Go back to looking for that thing.
Okay.
‪Hmm.
‪He said he got the list today.
‪He wouldn't have done it alone.
‪Find the guys who were involved,
‪and I'll give you 100 million won each.
‪Yes.
‪When will Driver Oh's location be ready?
‪His credit card usage locations
‪for the past week
‪should be available by tomorrow morning.
‪I'll send the money as soon as I get it. Good job.
‪100 million won.
‪How's that?
‪Jang-do is the only one who knows
‪the location of the hard drive.
‪He spilled it when
‪Boss Choi caught him.
‪The guys who were with him then
‪got involved with Director Hong, damn it.
‪Oppa.
‪Is there only one hard drive?
‪There's only one hard drive.
‪But,
‪it's backed up on the laptop
‪used to put the videos
‪on the hard drive.
‪Really?
‪It's best to stay quiet for now.
‪If the videos get released by mistake,
‪that son of a bitch, Director Hong,
‪will hit our company
‪with a tax audit.
‪That bastard.
‪Oppa.
‪Wouldn't it be better to let them know
‪you have the videos?
‪Wouldn't it?
‪They won't mess with us if they're scared.
You're smart, huh?
‪Shall we toast?
‪Cheers!
‪Have you seen this person before?
‪I don't know.
‪Our customers wear masks, so
‪I can't tell.
‪Oh, really?
‪Ah, goddamn it!
‪Look again.
‪Ugh.
‪I don't know.
‪Is it funny?
What?
Damn it, is it funny?!
‪No, it's not that...
‪Shit.
‪Lower your eyes, you bastard.
Look carefully, understand?
I don't...
‪Do you understand or not, you son of a bitch?
Get up, get up, get up.
‪Do you understand or not?
No.
Do you understand or not?
‪You son of a bitch, look carefully!
‪Do you understand or not?!
You bastard!
Ah, damn it, tsk.
You little...
‪Look straight, look straight.
‪Hello, boss.
‪Oh, yes, welcome.
Can I ask you something?
Yes, yes.
‪I'm looking for someone.
‪He's a friend of my father's.
‪Oh, yes, I know him.
You do?
Yes, but what's the matter?
‪I'm getting married this time, so
I want to give him an invitation.
Ah.
‪Do you know where he lives?
‪Of course, I know him well.
‪I deliver rice to him once a month.
‪Could I get his address?
‪Oh, yes, I'll tell you.
‪Here he comes.
‪Kang In-beom's info.
‪I've got all the dirt on him.
‪Ah.
‪You're fast, as always.
‪Oh, well, speed is key
‪when it comes to this stuff.
Thank you.
Yes.
Okay.
Hmm.
‪[Geon-woo and Woo-jin laugh loudly, then stop awkwardly]
‪That's it, that's all?
‪Huh?
‪Ah, you don't know.
‪Usually, when you ask for this kind of work,
‪a small token of appreciation...
...like this is given.
Ah.
‪Ah, ah, yes.
‪Uh, how much should I give you?
‪Okay, one "jang."
‪Ah, we're a team, we're family now.
‪One "jang," let's go! Uh.
Yes, yes.
Uh.
Thank you.
‪Ah, call me anytime.
Take care.
Oh.
Go home safely.
Yes.
‪Ah, damn it, I said 1 million won.
‪Ugh.
‪Uh... he told me not to use it.
‪You need a big screen to understand
‪the area around the house.
‪What if Da-min comes in?
‪She won't. That time, she just
‪happened to be passing by and saw it.
‪Bad luck.
‪Hey.
Gangdong-gu.
Seonggu-ro.
Seonggu-ro?
‪Ah, he said he's coming, bro.
‪Turn it off quickly.
‪Ah, what's wrong?
‪It smells like an old bachelor in here.
‪Why are you using the computer again?
‪I told you to go to the PC cafe.
‪I'm sorry.
‪I'm sorry about the bachelor smell too.
‪Ugh, damn it.
‪It's fine, this room is ruined.
‪Ruined.
‪Da-min!
‪What?
‪I'm sorry again today.
‪I'll take responsibility for the bachelor smell.
‪How?
‪Diffuser!
‪If we put diffusers,
‪we can get rid of the bachelor smell.
Yes.
Really?
Well, first,
‪to get rid of the smell fundamentally,
‪you need to find an opposite scent.
‪This bachelor smell, strictly speaking,
‪is a very strong musk scent
‪with a hint of rotten wood scent
‪that accidentally got in.
‪To counter this, you need the opposite scent, which is,
‪floral and fruity.
‪I use Diptyque's Baies, Baies.
I like that.
Good.
‪Yeah, that's perfect.
‪The refreshing sweetness of Baies
‪will completely get rid of
‪this bachelor smell.
‪It will.
‪We'll definitely buy it for you
‪when we leave.
A present.
Yes.
‪We'll buy two.
‪One downstairs, one upstairs.
‪One for the bathroom too.
‪Okay, three.
‪Deal!
‪How does Kang In-beom have my number, bro? Look at this.
‪Ah, it makes no sense.
‪Isn't this wrong somehow?
‪Ah...
‪What's wrong with our grandpa?
‪Who did this to him?
‪Uh...
Hey...
‪Come to Incheon Four Gardens Mall
‪within an hour.
‪If you call the police,
‪I'll kill the old man.
‪You're dead to me.
‪Uh, no...
‪Uh, Da-min, you have to tell us
‪what he said.
‪He said to come to Incheon Four Gardens Mall
‪within an hour.
‪If we call the police...
‪He'll kill grandpa.
‪Let's go quickly.
‪No time.
Geon-woo.
What?
‪How many of these bastards will come?
‪Ah, at least thirty?
‪They'll probably have weapons, and...
‪Kang In-beom and his team leader
‪will probably come too.
Should I call Kang-yong?
‪No.
‪Then the driver
‪would be in too much danger.
‪Then what about senior?
‪Which senior?
‪Boss Moon.
‪Oh, but his arm is injured.
‪Wouldn't he help us somehow?
‪Ah, I guess so, but...
‪Is everything ready?
‪Yes.
‪But Da-min, what are you going to use
‪that bow for?
‪To save Grandpa.
‪Ah, ah, ah, ah, no.
‪Absolutely not. It's too dangerous.
‪We'll go, just the two of us.
‪Move aside.
‪No, Da-min, what are you doing?
No...
‪I also have something I can do.
‪I'm going no matter what, so don't stop me.
‪What are you doing? No time.
‪Wow, she shoots well.
‪Hey.
‪She might be helpful.
‪Senior, this is Woo-jin.
‪Driver Oh
‪has been kidnapped.
‪Could you possibly help us?
‪I also owe the driver a debt.
‪Don't you dare go in
‪until I arrive.
‪That's an order.
‪Ah, my junior marines are here?
Yes.
Senior.
‪You prepared a lot, huh?
‪Ah, I just put this on because it was at home, but
‪it's itchy. It seems old.
‪Take it off quickly before you get pimples.
‪I'll go
‪through the underground parking...
‪Who are you?
‪I came to save my grandpa.
‪She's Driver Oh's granddaughter.
‪Ah, ah, I see.
‪The features are similar, huh?
An hour is almost up.
‪Alright, alright.
‪But what's that bag?
‪It's a compound bow.
‪Kkwobarou?
‪Compound bow.
Kkwo...
Senior.
‪It's an archery bow for athletes.
‪Ah!
‪Ah, right, archery is Korea.
‪You shoot well, right?
‪Yes.
‪Good.
‪Archery and I will go
‪through the underground parking lot
‪and up the stairs to the top floor.
‪Our two marines will charge
‪through the front door.
‪We'll provide covering fire from above.
Understood?
Yes.
‪Move.
Follow me.
Yes.
This way.
Oh, yes.
‪Where's the driver?
‪Kill them!
‪You, damn it!
‪One, two, three!
Shit.
‪Hey!
‪Ugh, damn it.
What, what's there?
Where, where is it?
Where is it? Where is it?
‪Wow, archery!
Catch her!
Where?
‪Who is it?
Good, good.
Where are they above?
What? What? What?
Above!
That black one, that...
‪Who is it? Who is it!
Ah, damn!
‪That, that blue one.
‪That, that, the blue one.
Ah.
Ah, damn.
‪Ah, ah, this.
‪I'm helping my juniors, alright?
‪This, damn...
Hey, bluey.
‪Are you on the track team, you bastard?
‪Ah, damn it.
‪What happened?
‪Hey, Driver Oh?
‪We couldn't find him.
‪They probably caught on and
‪moved the driver.
‪Ugh, damn it.
‪Did the gym rat spill anything?
‪Ah, that guy, he's a tough nut.
‪He won't open his mouth!
Ugh.
Huh?
Is it fun, huh?
‪Should I show you something more fun?
‪What's this son of a bitch saying?
‪Ugh, damn it!
‪Bro! That bastard, he bit his tongue!
‪Damn it!
‪Quickly, quickly!
‪Ah, damn!
Ah, damn it!
Hey! Hey!
Damn it!
Hey! Hey! Kang In-beom!
Snap out of it! Hey!
‪Bro, call an ambulance!
‪Alright.
‪Uh, wait, wait!
‪If we send this guy away,
‪how will we find Kim Myeong-gil's safe?
Still!
‪We can't just let him die, Senior.
‪If he dies like this, we still
‪won't find the safe.
‪Ah, seriously, give it here, damn it.
‪Uh, please let me
‪put this down, please.
‪Oh! Alright.
‪Patient.
‪Patient, are you okay?
‪Snap out of it! Are you okay?
Oh!
‪Hello!
‪Hello.
‪Uh.
‪Where did the boss go?
‪Ah, yes, he's on vacation.
‪Ah-ha.
‪Uh, I'd like an Ethiopian hand-drip,
iced.
Yes.
Yes, please wait a moment.
Yes, thank you, yes.
‪Ah, damn!
‪Uh, Min-beom.
‪Kim Myeong-gil still has
‪my video.
He just sent it.
‪Ah, what...
Hello?
Kang-yong, bro?
‪Damn it!
‪Ah, damn.
‪You sons of bitches!
You son of a bitch!
‪Salt...
‪Huh?
Salt!
‪Ah, someone got hit.
‪Oh, someone got hit. Go quickly.
‪Call 911 quickly, 911!
‪Oh, someone might be dead.
‪Geon-woo, come here quickly. Quickly.
‪He's here.
‪Hey, you idiots.
‪Why do you have to come out and cause trouble?
‪What do you want?
‪Come to the fish farm by 9 PM tonight.
‪If you call the police again,
‪I'll grind Driver Oh up and feed him to the fish, got it?
‪Why are you quiet?
‪I took care of Min Kang-yong
‪and his thugs, so don't mess with me.
‪And I told you if you show up again,
‪I'd kill your mom, right?
‪Let's see.
‪Mom.
Power off...
‪Kang-yong got caught too? The police?
‪Bro, this time it feels really dangerous.
‪I think it'd be better if just the two of us went.
‪Excuse me.
‪How long have you been there?
‪I was here the whole time.
‪Don't even think about leaving me out.
‪I'm going to save Grandpa.
‪Ah...
‪Wait a minute.
‪If,
‪something bad happens to Driver Oh
‪right in front of us,
‪Da-min will surely collapse
‪like Hyun-joo did. I...
‪Bro, I don't want to see that again.
‪But, Geon-woo.
‪There's one thing different
‪between then and now.
‪Do you know what it is?
‪Back then,
‪the invincible Marine duo
‪was separated.
Not now.
‪And we've gotten much stronger, huh?
‪Remember?
‪One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five!
‪Uh, uh.
So, huh?
‪Let's combine our strength
‪and save everyone.
‪Driver Oh, Da-min.
‪Everyone hurt by Kim Myeong-gil.
‪Ah!
‪Why are you stopping?
‪Bro and I will go in first, so
‪wait outside and watch.
‪When you find a good spot to shoot,
‪come in then.
‪That's a good plan.
‪Let's get out.
I see you.
You're so smart.
To protect Da-min.
Did you purposely drop her off so far away?
Ah, for Da-min, of course.
What about me?
I'm fine.
I'm also good.
Let's go, it's getting cold.
Ah, what?
Let's just go.
Oh, yeah.
Let's go.
Good.
Yeah.
What?
Let's go.
Okay.
What?
Ah, okay.
Let's go.
Okay.
Let's go!
Okay!
Let's go.
Okay.
Ah.
I just wanted to drop you off.
Okay.
So far away?
It's just that I don't want to get caught.
So I dropped you off early.
I'm just going to go now.
Let's go.
Okay.
What?
Let's go.
Okay.
Let's go!
‪I just wanted to drop you off.
‪Right?
‪Was it a bit far?
‪Hey, it looks like it'll take about 10 minutes.
‪Bro, let's just finish it quickly, just the two of us.
‪Deal.
‪Kill him!
Damn it.
‪These bastards have so many weapons.
‪Hmph! Hey!
‪Bro! Bro!
‪Damn it!
‪Huh? Let go, damn it!
‪Let go!
‪You son of a bitch!
‪You bastard!
‪Hey, you son of a bitch!
‪Ah!
‪Ah, damn, damn it!
‪Hey, you bastard!
You bastard!
‪Ah, damn it, seriously!
‪Hey.
Can't you even take care of two kids?
‪I'm sorry.
‪Always sorry, damn it, argh.
Stop.
‪Stop!
‪Hey!
‪If you move even one finger,
‪I'll slit the old man's throat, got it?
‪Alright, stop!
‪Ah, what are you doing,
‪you dumbasses!
‪Why aren't you killing him quickly, damn it!
‪Should I kill him? Huh!
‪Ah, I'm really speechless.
These bastards.
Sit down!
‪Sit down!
‪Move!
‪You son of a bitch!
‪Come here! Come here!
‪You bastard! I told you to kill him quickly!
‪You bastards!
‪Let go, you bastard!
Let go, you bastard!
Let's go to the hospital.
‪Kill him! Huh!
‪Grandpa!
Grandpa, are you okay?
It's me, Da-min.
Ah...
‪My eyebrows are all pulled out.
‪Ah...
‪Driver,
‪are you okay?
‪Thank you.
Move! Come quickly.
‪What is this?
‪Move quickly!
‪Get close quickly, get close!
‪Who are you?
‪Jajangmyeon delivery.
‪What?! You bastards!
‪Stay still, you bastard!
Search every inch inside!
Yes.
‪What's here?
‪Found it! Everyone come here!
‪Ugh.
‪Ugh, what are these guys?
‪What did they do?
‪This is Yang Yun-seo,
‪Sergeant from the Central Investigation Bureau.
‪Uh...
‪This is a search and seizure warrant.
‪We will execute the search and seizure
‪as of now.
‪We request your cooperation.
‪Come in.
‪Come in quickly.
‪This is...
‪Kim Jae-min?
‪You are arrested on charges
‪of murder, bribery, and more.
‪Ah, damn it, this feels awful.
‪Let's go.
Chief.
Uh.
‪Fortunately, the warrant came out quickly, so
‪when we entered Kim Myeong-gil's house,
‪we found a pile of cell phones
‪in a dresser drawer.
‪When we traced the numbers,
‪they all belonged to people
‪who were dead or missing.
‪Seriously.
‪This lunatic
‪kept the cell phones of the people
‪he killed, brazenly.
‪This is undeniable proof.
‪Not even the US president
‪could get him out of this.
‪What about fleeing overseas?
‪It's difficult because he's on
‪a wanted list.
‪Many people escape to China
‪on cargo ships, right?
‪Kim Myeong-gil is a Grade A fugitive.
‪All possible routes for illegal emigration
‪will be under intense surveillance.
‪He won't be able to leave Korea easily.
‪But it's not impossible, is it?
‪Everyone seems to think
‪the job is done, but
‪actually, I'm really anxious right now.
‪That bastard still has my video.
‪If he ever goes crazy and releases it,
‪it's over.
If he ever goes crazy and releases it,
it's over.
‪Bro.
‪I really need to see that bastard
‪locked up in prison.
‪Min-beom.
‪I understand, but...
‪Hangu is in this state too,
‪and Tae-yeong still can't open his eyes.
‪We also need some time.
‪We'll help you, bro.
‪It's not over until it's over, right?
‪Uh, by any chance, could you
‪find Im Jang-do's location?
‪Im Jang-do, why?
‪Uh, Im Jang-do is probably
‪hiding somewhere to avoid Kim Myeong-gil. But
‪I think he might
‪know where Kim Myeong-gil
‪is going to escape to.
‪That's why.
‪That's right.
‪Im Jang-do might know
‪how to flee illegally.
‪He said he used to be in charge
‪of that kind of thing.
‪Alright, I'll look into it.
‪How much is it in cash?
‪I can do it for up to 18 million.
‪Im Jang-do hasn't used his own cell phone
‪or credit card
‪for half a year.
‪He's avoided everything
‪that could be traced.
‪Yes.
‪Is there absolutely no way?
‪Well, what we've found so far
‪is just Im Jang-do's account number.
‪Even that,
‪the last time he withdrew cash
‪was in March in Suwon.
‪Can't you track him with that?
‪You'd have to check months of CCTV footage, so
‪it would require a dedicated team.
‪It'll take some time.
‪Bro, can we get his
‪account number?
‪This guy is probably
‪desperate for money.
‪He's probably desperate for money.
‪Okay, send money to his account.
‪When you send the money,
‪put your contact phone number
‪in the sender's name.
‪Then,
‪he'll definitely contact you, 100%.
‪How much should I send?
‪Well, one "jang."
‪Uh, 10,000 won?
‪Ah, I meant to tell you this last time,
‪but I forgot.
‪In our business, "one jang" varies.
‪Last time, when I got you
‪Kang In-beom's info, that "one jang"
‪wasn't 10,000 won, it was 1 million won.
1 million won?
‪Ah, of course, I'm not saying
‪I want it now, huh?
‪I'm not a petty person.
‪We're family, huh?
‪So, what would "one jang" be
‪in our current situation?
What would "one jang" be
in our current situation?
‪He'd laugh at 1 million won.
‪10 million won.
‪He'll bite immediately.
‪You, you, you keep drinking
‪like that, and your wound...
Your wound will...
You son of a bitch!
Doctor.
Yes.
‪Just treat me.
‪Damn it.
‪66.
‪67.
68, 69.
Bro.
‪No number.
‪Hello?
‪You.
‪You're the kid who was with Boss Choi, right?
‪Yes.
‪The police told you my account number, and
‪what?
‪Why did you deposit money?
‪Kim Myeong-gil is on the run.
‪Why?
‪The police found evidence at Kim Myeong-gil's house
‪that he killed people.
‪Two days ago.
‪You know
‪where Kim Myeong-gil is going to escape, right?
‪I do.
‪Please.
‪We want to catch Kim Myeong-gil.
‪Please help us.
‪How much will you give me?
‪One, one "jang."
‪Ah, damn it, screw you.
‪1 billion won!
‪1 billion won?
‪I trusted Boss Choi and now I'm screwed.
‪I deserve that much compensation.
‪Uh, but we don't have that much...
‪Boss Kim will flee overseas
‪within four days
‪using the method I told him about.
‪You have my account number, right?
‪Think carefully.
‪No way, hey.
‪How do we get 1 billion won?
‪Bro, should we ask the driver?
‪The driver doesn't have money.
‪He said that what he gave us then
‪was his last emergency fund.
Wait a minute.
‪How much is in it?
‪It's probably only about
‪300 million won.
‪That's nowhere near enough.
‪Uh, should we ask Min-beom, bro?
‪The one who filmed Min-beom, bro, was Im Jang-do.
‪Will Min-beom, bro,
‪help us with this?
‪Still.
‪Min-beom, bro, is the only one
‪with that kind of money.
‪Let's just ask him once, huh?
‪Director, I brought them.
‪Do you guys trust Im Jang-do?
‪Uh...
‪I believe in Im Jang-do's information,
‪bro.
‪What if that bastard
‪takes the 1 billion and flees overseas?
‪Then what?
‪Bro, what if
‪Im Jang-do breaks his promise and runs away?
‪We'll chase him to the end of the earth
‪and bring him back.
‪I promise you that, bro.
‪Keep your promise.
Yes.
‪Yes, confirmed.
Move out.
Yes.
‪You may go.
‪Write it down.
‪The day after tomorrow, 1 AM.
‪A 2,700-ton cargo ship called "Nike"
‪will depart from Pohang Shinilman
‪for Ho Chi Minh.
‪Boss Kim gave political funds to a person
‪who is a high-ranking official
‪in the Vietnamese government.
‪He'll take all his hidden slush funds
‪and cross over.
‪The container number is TJBU 9004230.
‪Inside the container,
‪there will be a truck
‪hiding the slush funds.
‪Should we aim for when Kim Myeong-gil
‪boards the ship?
‪The ship is big,
‪so it won't be easy to find him.
‪Then how do we find him?
‪You two get on the ship too.
‪You want us to take the ship
‪all the way to Vietnam?
‪That's up to you.
I'm hanging up.
Uh, wait, wait a minute.
‪If we want to take that ship,
‪what should we do?
‪I'll send you a contact number
‪by text.
‪Tell them my name and negotiate well.
‪For your information, they like cash.
‪Got a text.
‪I prepared a little bit of everything
‪because I didn't know what you'd need.
‪Thank you.
‪Be careful.
‪Yes.
‪Huh?
Yes.
‪Let's go up.
‪You go up first.
‪Let me just talk...
‪Okay.
‪Thank you for your help.
‪We're more thankful.
‪Da-min.
‪Goodbye.
‪Go up.
‪Ah.
‪You have my number, right?
‪Yeah.
‪Hmph!
‪Let's go.
‪Yes, bro.
‪Uh, are you coming down?
‪I'm on my way now.
‪Don't get hurt, okay?
‪Yes.
‪I'll take care of the rest
‪with Kang-yong, bro.
‪Drive safely.
‪Yes.
‪Let's go quickly.
‪Just a moment.
‪Bro.
‪Okay.
‪Set sail!
‪Bro, check the inside first.
‪Ah!
‪Kim Myeong-gil!
‪Ugh, damn it.
‪Uh, uh.
‪If you appear again...
‪You're dead.
‪Geon-woo.
‪Are you okay?
‪What's wrong?
‪Bro.
‪I feel like I've become a hunting dog.
‪Geon-woo,
‪have you forgotten a boxer's heart?
‪We just need to go back to how we were.
‪Huh?
‪Let's go back together, you and I.
‪Yeah.
‪Let's go back.
‪Here.
‪Oh! Bro!
Ah, damn it!
‪Found it!
‪Oh.
‪Yes, bro, where are you?
‪Almost there.
‪The gold bars, did you find them?
‪Yes, found them all.
‪The cell phone?
‪I'll take care of it.
Ah, bro, this, this.
Uh, uh, uh.
Uh, uh.
Let's go.
‪What happened?
‪Finally, found the cell phone.
‪Good job.
‪Requested support from Interpol.
‪They'll be waiting in Vietnam.
‪It's all over.
‪My younger brother worked hard.
‪Thank you, bro.
‪What would you like to do?
‪Hmm...
‪The boss always
‪wanted to help people who
‪couldn't afford treatment because they were poor.
‪So, I
‪would like this money to be used
‪according to the boss's wishes.
What do you think, bro?
‪You... how about you, bro?
‪Don't you desire this money?
‪Uh, I do, bro.
‪But this money isn't mine.
‪I'm just repaying the kindness
‪the boss showed me,
‪and keeping my promise to the boss.
‪Yeah.
Kids.
‪Right now, there are
‪168 gold bars, each weighing 7 kg.
‪At today's rate, one is 500 million won.
‪Roughly 84 billion won.
If you wish,
‪I will take this money
‪and establish a welfare foundation
‪under our group.
‪Through that welfare foundation,
‪we can provide medical expenses
‪to those in need.
‪Or,
‪we could add a little more money
‪from our group
‪and just build a hospital?
Oh, that's pretty innovative!
Isn't it?
‪Yes.
‪My father would like it too,
‪and it would help our group's image.
‪And we'd be doing good in the world.
‪I'll finish up the hotel work
‪and push this forward immediately.
‪Uh, bro, by any chance,
‪could the boss's name
‪be included in the hospital name?
‪His name?
‪It's Choi, Tae-ja, Ho-ja.
‪Honestly, it would be difficult, but
‪I'll consider it.
‪Thank you, bro.
‪Uh, uh?
‪I'll cover the missing money
‪with my own funds.
‪It's a bonus for finishing the job well.
‪Uh, bro, no.
‪I'm, I'm really fine.
‪The boss would have done the same.
‪Take it.
‪You don't know what to say,
‪do you?
‪"Thank you."
‪Thank you, boss.
‪No.
‪I should thank you.
‪Thank you very much, bro.
‪Catch him!
No.
Go.
Here, uh?
I have...
Huh?
I have this too.
‪Uh, Geon-woo!
‪Uh, where is it?
Hello.
Huh?
‪Geon-woo!
‪Ugh.
‪Ah, my son.
‪Uh, Woo-jin.
‪Ugh, what happened to your face?
‪Ugh, you worked hard.
‪It's all over, Mom.
‪Let's go home.
‪Okay.
‪Ugh, you're so brave.